README.md, before:

# Icon API in TYPO3

## What does it do?

1.0.0: Implements IconProvider Plugin, IconController and corresponding Plugin Icon

1.1.0: Demonstrates the usage of the Icon API in PHP

1.2.0: Implements the Icon API using Fluid 

## Installation

Add via composer:

    composer require "passionweb/icon-api"

* Install the extension via composer
* Flush TYPO3 and PHP Cache

## Requirements

This example uses no 3rd party libraries.

## Extension settings

There are no extension settings available.

## Troubleshooting and logging

If something does not work as expected take a look at the log file.
Every problem is logged to the TYPO3 log (normally found in `var/log/typo3_*.log`)

## Achieving more together or Feedback, Feedback, Feedback

I'm grateful for any feedback! Be it suggestions for improvement, requests or just a (constructive) feedback on how good or crappy this snippet/repo is.

Feel free to send me your feedback to [service@passionweb.de](mailto:service@passionweb.de "Send Feedback") or [contact me on Slack](https://typo3.slack.com/team/U02FG49J4TG "Contact me on Slack")

Commit message:

[TASK] implemented IconAPI usage in the backend using JavaScript

README.md, after:

# Icon API in TYPO3

## What does it do?

1.0.0: Implements IconProvider Plugin, IconController and corresponding Plugin Icon

1.1.0: Demonstrates the usage of the Icon API in PHP

1.2.0: Implements the Icon API using Fluid 

1.3.0: Showcases the Icon API being used in the backend with the help of JavaScript

## Installation

Add via composer:

    composer require "passionweb/icon-api"

* Install the extension via composer
* Flush TYPO3 and PHP Cache

## Requirements

This example uses no 3rd party libraries.

## Extension settings

There are no extension settings available.

## Troubleshooting and logging

If something does not work as expected take a look at the log file.
Every problem is logged to the TYPO3 log (normally found in `var/log/typo3_*.log`)

## Achieving more together or Feedback, Feedback, Feedback

I'm grateful for any feedback! Be it suggestions for improvement, requests or just a (constructive) feedback on how good or crappy this snippet/repo is.

Feel free to send me your feedback to [service@passionweb.de](mailto:service@passionweb.de "Send Feedback") or [contact me on Slack](https://typo3.slack.com/team/U02FG49J4TG "Contact me on Slack")
